STATEMENT OF PROBLEM:

A person wears an IMU sensor while performing a combination of walking, running,
and hopping motions.  Given a comma-separated-value (CSV) file containing 3D
accelerometer and 3D gyro data from the IMU sensor, write a step counting
program in C that counts the number of walking steps, the number of running
steps, and the number of hopping steps in the file.  We ask for a solution in C
(not C++, python, MATLAB, or anything else, although it is fine to use these
tools to develop your solution if you wish) since our production firmware is
written in C.

The program should:

1) Read the csv input file containing the accelerometer and gyro data.

2) Analyze the accelerometer and/or gyro data contained in the input file to
determine the types of motions (combinations of running, walking, and/or
hopping) and the number of steps of each.

3) Output should be a CSV file with the original data, plus extra columns for
the step counter and walk/run/hop distinction.

Repeat this exercise for each of the three supplied input csv files. Each file
contains various combinations of walking, running, and hopping. The file names
denote the order in which these motions occur in each file.

Please provide a brief description of your step counting algorithm and how it
works.  Please discuss the design choices involved, and also provide your source
code and the printed output from the program for each of the three test cases.

DESCRIPTION OF INPUT FILES:

Each input file is in CSV format and contains a pre-header record (which can be
ignored), followed by a header record containing the column names. Data records
follow in time order, at 104 Hz.  Columns of interest are arx, ary, arz
(accelerometer readings) and grx, gry, grz (gyro readings),  All other columns
can be ignored.

The accelerometer values are in units of m/sec^2. The gyro readings are in units
of radians/sec. Gyro rotations are about their respective axes, i.e., grx
measures the angular rotation rate around the x-axis.

The x, y, and z axes form a right-handed coordinate system for the IMU as
attached to the person:

  x = backward (points rearward from the person; -x points forward)
  y = vertical (points upward, opposite to gravity)
  z = lateral  (points to the left of the person)
